
loyauty.common.text.long.allWinners                     = All winners are paid by Paypal individually. Payments are  made within 3-5 days after the end of the competition. A Paypal account is required and can be entered in your GameJab profile. To view competition rules, <a href="rules-loyauty.htm">click here</a>.
loyauty.common.text.long.content.report                 = Does the game contain errors or inappropriate content that can''t be changed? Please report them using this icon.
loyauty.common.text.long.contentAdded                   = Content has been added successfully
loyauty.common.text.long.copyright                      = Copyright@{0} GameJab.com. All rights reserved.
loyauty.common.text.long.crossPlatform                  = Cross-Platform links/content
loyauty.common.text.long.crossPlatformDetails           = Is the link/content not specific to one platform? Let us know and get extra points!
loyauty.common.text.long.current.ranking                = View your current rank here
loyauty.common.text.long.dontHaveAccount                = Don''t have an account
loyauty.common.text.long.loyauty.moto                   = The GameJab moto is garbage in/garbage out. Our service is only as good as the information it contains. Are you unsure about something? Please skip it for now and enter it later on. 
loyauty.common.text.long.level_less_tree                = You need to be a level 3 jabber to update content on this page. To gain points and level up, please add content in other sections like cheats, media content, extras and reviews.
loyauty.common.text.long.level_up_tree                  = Some updates on this page require a level 5. Changing a game name requires a level 10.
loyauty.common.text.long.lostUserOrPwd                  = Lost username or password
loyauty.common.text.long.performanceIndicator           = The performance indicator compares the current position with the final result of the previous month.
loyauty.common.text.long.point.earned                   = Points earned for this update:
loyauty.common.text.long.point.earned_month             = Points Earned this Month
loyauty.common.text.long.point.forUpdate                = Points for this update
loyauty.common.text.long.point.next_level               = Points to Reach Next Level
loyauty.common.text.long.points.perUpdate               = Points for this update
loyauty.common.text.long.report                         = <strong>Important: </strong>Reporting <span style="text-decoration:underline;">valid</span> information repeatedly will get your account suspended.
loyauty.common.text.long.similarContent                 = Submit similar content from this game on other platforms
loyauty.common.text.long.similarGameContent             = Submit similar game content from 
loyauty.common.text.long.team.editProfile               = You may edit your team profile as well as recruit members once you team profile has been created. 4 Jabbers per team maximum.
loyauty.common.text.long.team.lookingTo                 = Looking to join a team? See who''s recruiting here.
loyauty.common.text.long.total.point_earned             = Total Points Earned
loyauty.common.text.short.Language                      = Language
loyauty.common.text.short.PostedBy                      = Posted by
loyauty.common.text.short.acceptNewMember               = Accept new members right away
loyauty.common.text.short.accion                        = Action
loyauty.common.text.short.achievement                   = Number of Achievements
loyauty.common.text.short.achievements                  = Achievements
loyauty.common.text.short.action                        = Action
loyauty.common.text.short.actionEntry                   = Action Entry
loyauty.common.text.short.adBefore                      = Ad Before
loyauty.common.text.short.add                           = Add
loyauty.common.text.short.addContent                    = Add Content
loyauty.common.text.short.addLink                       = Add a Link
loyauty.common.text.short.addMirror                     = Add a Mirror
loyauty.common.text.short.addToList                     = Add to List
loyauty.common.text.short.age                           = Age
loyauty.common.text.short.aliases                       = Alias(es)
loyauty.common.text.short.allRssFeeds                   = RSS Feeds
loyauty.common.text.short.allRssMismatch                = Channel Mismatch
loyauty.common.text.short.alreadyMember                 = Already a member
loyauty.common.text.short.alsoAvailableOn               = Also Available On
loyauty.common.text.short.alsoKnowAs                    = Also known as
loyauty.common.text.short.apply                         = Apply
loyauty.common.text.short.bronzeTrophies                = Bronze Trophies
loyauty.common.text.short.browsingLanguage              = Browsing Language
loyauty.common.text.short.cancel                        = Cancel
loyauty.common.text.short.caracters                     = caracters
loyauty.common.text.short.caractersMax                  = caracters max
loyauty.common.text.short.categories                    = Categories
loyauty.common.text.short.changepassword                = Change Password
loyauty.common.text.short.close                         = Close
loyauty.common.text.short.comments                      = Comments
loyauty.common.text.short.commercial                    = Commercial
loyauty.common.text.short.user_code                     = User Code
loyauty.common.text.short.complete                      = complete
loyauty.common.text.short.confirm                       = Confirm
loyauty.common.text.short.confirmPassword               = Confirm Password
loyauty.common.text.short.consoles                      = Console(s)
loyauty.common.text.short.content                       = Content
loyauty.common.text.short.contentType                   = Type
loyauty.common.text.short.country                       = Country
loyauty.common.text.short.cover                         = Cover
loyauty.common.text.short.create                        = Create
loyauty.common.text.short.createAList                   = Create a List
loyauty.common.text.short.creationDate                  = Creation Date
loyauty.common.text.short.currentPosition               = Current Position
loyauty.common.text.short.currentRank                   = Current Rank
loyauty.common.text.short.date                          = Date
loyauty.common.text.short.date_joined                   = Joined
loyauty.common.text.short.day                           = Day
loyauty.common.text.short.description                   = Description
loyauty.common.text.short.description_AvailableOn       = Load Description From
loyauty.common.text.short.developer                     = Developer
loyauty.common.text.short.different_name                = Name is different
loyauty.common.text.short.directLink                    = Direct Link
loyauty.common.text.short.disk                          = Disc
loyauty.common.text.short.diskMediaTypes                = Disc Media Types
loyauty.common.text.short.diskNumber                    = Number of Discs
loyauty.common.text.short.email                         = Email
loyauty.common.text.short.esrbRating                    = Rating
loyauty.common.text.short.eur_System                    = PEGI
loyauty.common.text.short.exclusive                     = Exclusive
loyauty.common.text.short.fileUpLoad                    = File Upload
loyauty.common.text.short.flag                          = flag
loyauty.common.text.short.freeSpots                     = Free Spots
loyauty.common.text.short.futurDate                     = Approximative
loyauty.common.text.short.game                          = Game
loyauty.common.text.short.gameInformation               = Game Information
loyauty.common.text.short.gameSeries                    = Game Series
loyauty.common.text.short.game_name                     = Game Name
loyauty.common.text.short.loyautyPresets                = GameJab Presets
loyauty.common.text.short.gameplay                      = Gameplay
loyauty.common.text.short.gameplayRating                = Gameplay
loyauty.common.text.short.goldTrophies                  = Gold Trophies
loyauty.common.text.short.graphicRating                 = Graphics
loyauty.common.text.short.graphics                      = Graphics
loyauty.common.text.short.hideReplies                   = Hide replies
loyauty.common.text.short.id                            = Id
loyauty.common.text.short.important                     = Important
loyauty.common.text.short.isFeedRss                     = Feed Rss
loyauty.common.text.short.jabberName                    = Jabber Name
loyauty.common.text.short.jp_System                     = CERO
loyauty.common.text.short.langage                       = Langage
loyauty.common.text.short.lastingAppeal                 = Lasting Appeal
loyauty.common.text.short.lastingRating                 = Lasting Rating
loyauty.common.text.short.level                         = Level
loyauty.common.text.short.levelRequired                 = Level Required
loyauty.common.text.short.like-Dislike                  = Like/Dislike
loyauty.common.text.short.localCoOp                     = Local Co-op
loyauty.common.text.short.localMultiplayer              = Local Multiplayer
loyauty.common.text.short.localNetwork                  = Local Network
loyauty.common.text.short.logOut                        = Log Out
loyauty.common.text.short.logo.more                     = More logos available here
loyauty.common.text.short.logos                         = Logos
loyauty.common.text.short.magazine                      = Magazine
loyauty.common.text.short.mainGenre                     = Main Genre(s)
loyauty.common.text.short.minimumLevel                  = Minimum level for new members
loyauty.common.text.short.month                         = Month
loyauty.common.text.short.more                          = Get more logos
loyauty.common.text.short.multiplayerInfo               = Multiplayer Information
loyauty.common.text.short.myCustomList                  = My Custom List
loyauty.common.text.short.myGameConsoles                = My Game Consoles
loyauty.common.text.short.na_System                     = ESRB
loyauty.common.text.short.name                          = Name
loyauty.common.text.short.newsSource                    = News Source
loyauty.common.text.short.not_available                 = N/A
loyauty.common.text.short.ok                            = OK
loyauty.common.text.short.older                         = Older
loyauty.common.text.short.onlineCoOp                    = Online Co-op
loyauty.common.text.short.onlineMultiplayer             = Online Multiplayer
loyauty.common.text.short.other                         = Other
loyauty.common.text.short.overallScore                  = Overall Score
loyauty.common.text.short.password                      = Password
loyauty.common.text.short.payoutPerMember               = Payout per Member (USD)
loyauty.common.text.short.paypalEmail                   = Paypal Email
loyauty.common.text.short.performance                   = Performance
loyauty.common.text.short.platform                      = Platform
loyauty.common.text.short.platinumTrophies              = Platinum Trophy
loyauty.common.text.short.points                        = Points
loyauty.common.text.short.pointsThisMonth               = Points This Month
loyauty.common.text.short.pointsforupdate               = Points for this update:
loyauty.common.text.short.popularity                    = Popularity
loyauty.common.text.short.primaryLanguage               = Primary Language
loyauty.common.text.short.processing                    = Processing
loyauty.common.text.short.publishedDate                 = Published date
loyauty.common.text.short.publisher                     = Publisher
loyauty.common.text.short.rate                          = Rate
loyauty.common.text.short.rating                        = Rating
loyauty.common.text.short.reason                        = Reason:
loyauty.common.text.short.region                        = Region
loyauty.common.text.short.releaseDate                   = Release Date
loyauty.common.text.short.remove                        = Remove
loyauty.common.text.short.remove_link                   = Report
loyauty.common.text.short.reply                         = Reply
loyauty.common.text.short.replyTo                       = Reply To
loyauty.common.text.short.report                        = Report
loyauty.common.text.short.results                       = results
loyauty.common.text.short.returnToHome                  = Return to Homepage
loyauty.common.text.short.reviewScore                   = Review Score
loyauty.common.text.short.reviews                       = Reviews
loyauty.common.text.short.save                          = Save
loyauty.common.text.short.saveToList                    = Save To List
loyauty.common.text.short.search                        = Search
loyauty.common.text.short.secondaryLanguage             = Secondary Language
loyauty.common.text.short.select                        = select
loyauty.common.text.short.sex                           = Sex
loyauty.common.text.short.showEntries                   = show {0}entries
loyauty.common.text.short.showLess                      = Show Less
loyauty.common.text.short.showMore                      = Show More
loyauty.common.text.short.showing                       = Showing
loyauty.common.text.short.showing-OfResult              = Showing <strong>{0}</strong>-<strong>{1}</strong> of {2} result
loyauty.common.text.short.showing-OfResults             = Showing <strong>{0}</strong>-<strong>{1}</strong> of {2} results
loyauty.common.text.short.signInHere                    = Sign in here
loyauty.common.text.short.silverTrophies                = Silver Trophies
loyauty.common.text.short.sound                         = Sound
loyauty.common.text.short.soundRating                   = Sound
loyauty.common.text.short.source                        = Source
loyauty.common.text.short.status                        = Status
loyauty.common.text.short.subGenres                     = Sub-genre(s)
loyauty.common.text.short.submit                        = Submit
loyauty.common.text.short.success                       = Success
loyauty.common.text.short.suggest                       = Suggest
loyauty.common.text.short.suggestMagazine               = Suggest a Magazine
loyauty.common.text.short.suggestWebSite                = Suggest a Website
loyauty.common.text.short.suggest_developer             = Suggest a developer
loyauty.common.text.short.suggest_publisher             = Suggest a publisher
loyauty.common.text.short.tba                           = To be Announced
loyauty.common.text.short.tba_short                     = TBA
loyauty.common.text.short.teamName                      = Team Name
loyauty.common.text.short.thumbsDown                    = Thumbs Down
loyauty.common.text.short.thumbsUp                      = Thumbs Up
loyauty.common.text.short.title                         = Title
loyauty.common.text.short.toBuy                         = To Buy
loyauty.common.text.short.toRent                        = To Rent
loyauty.common.text.short.today                         = Today
loyauty.common.text.short.login	                        = Login
loyauty.common.text.short.totalPoints                   = Total Points
loyauty.common.text.short.totalTrophies                 = Total Trophies 
loyauty.common.text.short.type                          = Type
loyauty.common.text.short.unitSold                      = Units Sold
loyauty.common.text.short.unitZone                      = Zone
loyauty.common.text.short.upLoadCoverImage              = Upload a cover image
loyauty.common.text.short.upTo                          = up to
loyauty.common.text.short.updateEvery30                 = Updated every 30 minutes
loyauty.common.text.short.uploadSuccess                 = Successfully uploaded
loyauty.common.text.short.url                           = URL
loyauty.common.text.short.username                      = Username
loyauty.common.text.short.value                         = Value
loyauty.common.text.short.view                          = View
loyauty.common.text.short.viewReplies                   = View replies
loyauty.common.text.short.views                         = Views
loyauty.common.text.short.watchlist                     = Watchlist
loyauty.common.text.short.webSiteApproved               = Approved WebSites
loyauty.common.text.short.webSiteBanned                 = Banned Websites
loyauty.common.text.short.webSiteRejected               = Rejected Websites
loyauty.common.text.short.webSiteSuggested              = Suggested WebSites
loyauty.common.text.short.website                       = Website
loyauty.common.text.short.withoutSpaces                 = Username
loyauty.common.text.short.year                          = Year
loyauty.common.text.short.yourRating                    = Your Rating
loyauty.common.text.short.camera						= Camera
loyauty.common.text.short.usb_key						= Usb Key
loyauty.common.text.short.labtop					    = Labtop
loyauty.common.text.short.tele							= TV
loyauty.common.title.aboutGamejab                       = About GameJab
loyauty.common.title.addContent                         = Add Content
loyauty.common.title.add_Link_Mirror                    = Add a Mirror
loyauty.common.title.addedContent                       = Content Added
loyauty.common.title.cheats                             = Cheats
loyauty.common.title.cheatsGuidesWalk                   = Cheats, Guides &amp; Walkthroughs
loyauty.common.title.createProfile                      = Create a Profile
loyauty.common.title.createTeam                         = Create a Team
loyauty.common.title.edit                               = Edit
loyauty.common.title.editGameInfo                       = Edit Game Information
loyauty.common.title.editProfile                        = Edit Profile
loyauty.common.title.editUserProfile                    = Edit Profile
loyauty.common.title.extras                             = Extras
loyauty.common.title.loyautySettings                    = GameJab Settings
loyauty.common.title.guidesWalk                         = Guides
loyauty.common.title.home                               = Home
loyauty.common.title.joinTeam                           = Join a Team
loyauty.common.title.multimediaContent                  = Multimedia Content
loyauty.common.title.news                               = News
loyauty.common.title.privacy                            = Privacy
loyauty.common.title.profile_image                      = Profile Image
loyauty.common.title.reviews                            = Reviews
loyauty.common.title.screenshotsImages                  = Screenshots &amp; Images
loyauty.common.title.sendEmail                          = Send Email
loyauty.common.title.signIn                             = Sign in
loyauty.common.title.topContributors                    = Top Contributors
loyauty.common.title.topJabbers                         = Top Jabbers
loyauty.common.title.topTeams                           = Top Teams
loyauty.common.title.videos                             = Videos
loyauty.common.title.wallpapers                         = Wallpapers
loyauty.date.format.MMMMddyyyy                          = MMMM dd, yyyy
loyauty.date.format.MMddyyyy                            = MM dd, yyyy
loyauty.date.format.dd-MMMM-YYYY                        = dd-MMM-yyyy
loyauty.date.format.dd-MM-YYYY                          = dd-MM-yyyy
loyauty.date.format.dd-MMMM-YYYY-HH-mm-aaa              = dd-MMM-yyyy HH:mm aaa
loyauty.date.format.dd-MMMM-YYYY-HH-mm-ss-aaa           = dd-MMM-yyyy HH:mm:ss aaa
loyauty.date.format.dd/MM/yyyy                          = dd/MM/yyyy 
loyauty.date.season.day_Q1                              = 1
loyauty.date.season.day_Q2                              = 1
loyauty.date.season.day_Q3                              = 1
loyauty.date.season.day_Q4                              = 1
loyauty.date.season.month_Q1                            = 12
loyauty.date.season.month_Q2                            = 4
loyauty.date.season.month_Q3                            = 7
loyauty.date.season.month_Q4                            = 9
loyauty.enum.FlagType.commercial                        = Commercial
loyauty.enum.FlagType.not_relevant                      = Relevant
loyauty.enum.FlagType.other                             = Other
loyauty.enum.FlagType.sex_racism_discrimination         = Discrimination
loyauty.enum.FlagType.spam_duplicate                    = Duplicate
loyauty.enum.FlagType.wrong_content_type                = Wrong game
loyauty.enum.FlagType.wrong_game                        = Wrong content type
loyauty.enum.FlagType.wrong_language                    = Error language
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.a                  = A
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.a_minus            = A-
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.a_plus             = A+
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.b                  = B
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.b_minus            = B-
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.b_plus             = B+
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.c                  = C
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.c_minus            = C-
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.c_plus             = C+
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.d                  = D
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.e                  = E
loyauty.enum.alfabeticratingvaluesdb.f                  = F
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.a_ages                  = All ages (A)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.adults_only             = Adults only (AO)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.ages_12_up              = Ages 12 and up (12+)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.ages_16_up              = Ages 16 and up (16+)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.ages_18_up              = Ages 18 and up (18+)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.ages_3_up               = Ages 3 and up (3+)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.ages_7_up               = Ages 7 and up (7+)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.b_ages                  = Ages 12 and up (B)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.c_ages                  = Ages 15 and up (C)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.d_ages                  = Ages 17 and up (D)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.everyone                = Everyone (E)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.mature                  = Mature (M)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.pending_approval        = Pending approval
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.rating_pending          = Pending rating
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.sampler                 = Sampler
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.statistical             = Statistical
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.teen                    = Teen (T)
loyauty.enum.game.contentRating.z_ages                  = Ages 18 and up (Z)
loyauty.enum.game.discmediatype.bonus_content           = Bonus Content
loyauty.enum.game.discmediatype.main_game               = Main Game
loyauty.enum.game.discmediatype.soundtrack_music        = Soundtrack/Tracklist
loyauty.enum.game.genre.action_adventure                = Action/Adventure
loyauty.enum.game.genre.action_rpg                      = Action RPG
loyauty.enum.game.genre.adventure_puzzle                = Adventure puzzle
loyauty.enum.game.genre.arcade                          = Arcade
loyauty.enum.game.genre.atv_4x4                         = 4X4/ATV
loyauty.enum.game.genre.basebale                        = Baseball 
loyauty.enum.game.genre.basketball                      = Basketball
loyauty.enum.game.genre.beat_em_up                      = Beat ''em Up
loyauty.enum.game.genre.billiards_pool                  = Billiards/Pool
loyauty.enum.game.genre.board_card_games                = Board/Card Games
loyauty.enum.game.genre.boxing                          = Boxing
loyauty.enum.game.genre.casino                          = Casino
loyauty.enum.game.genre.children                        = Children
loyauty.enum.game.genre.compilation                     = Compilation
loyauty.enum.game.genre.dance                           = Dance
loyauty.enum.game.genre.demolition                      = Demolition
loyauty.enum.game.genre.detective                       = Detective
loyauty.enum.game.genre.driving_racing                  = Driving/Racing
loyauty.enum.game.genre.educational                     = Educational
loyauty.enum.game.genre.extreme_sports                  = Extreme Sports
loyauty.enum.game.genre.f1_racing                       = F1 Racing
loyauty.enum.game.genre.farming                         = Farming
loyauty.enum.game.genre.fighting                        = Fighting
loyauty.enum.game.genre.first_person                    = First Person
loyauty.enum.game.genre.fishing                         = Fishing
loyauty.enum.game.genre.flight                          = Flight
loyauty.enum.game.genre.football                        = Football
loyauty.enum.game.genre.gambling                        = Gambling
loyauty.enum.game.genre.game_show_quiz                  = Game Show/Quiz
loyauty.enum.game.genre.golf                            = Golf
loyauty.enum.game.genre.hack_n_slash                    = Hack ''n Slash
loyauty.enum.game.genre.hockey                          = Hockey
loyauty.enum.game.genre.hunting                         = Hunting 
loyauty.enum.game.genre.jrpg                            = JRPG 
loyauty.enum.game.genre.mini_game_party_games           = Mini-Games/Party Games
loyauty.enum.game.genre.mma                             = MMA 
loyauty.enum.game.genre.multisport                      = Multisport
loyauty.enum.game.genre.music                           = Music
loyauty.enum.game.genre.offroad_rally                   = Offroad/Rally
loyauty.enum.game.genre.pending                         = Pending
loyauty.enum.game.genre.photography                     = Photography
loyauty.enum.game.genre.pinball                         = Pinball
loyauty.enum.game.genre.platformer                      = Platformer
loyauty.enum.game.genre.poker                           = Poker
loyauty.enum.game.genre.puzzle                          = Puzzle
loyauty.enum.game.genre.racing_combat                   = Racing - Combat 
loyauty.enum.game.genre.racing_driving                  = Racing - Simulator
loyauty.enum.game.genre.racing_motorcycle               = Racing - Motorcycle
loyauty.enum.game.genre.racing_watercraft               = Racing - Watercraft
loyauty.enum.game.genre.rail_shooter                    = Shooter
loyauty.enum.game.genre.rhythm                          = Rhythm
loyauty.enum.game.genre.role_playing                    = RPG (Role Playing)
loyauty.enum.game.genre.rts                             = RTS
loyauty.enum.game.genre.rugby                           = Rugby
loyauty.enum.game.genre.sandbox_open_world              = Sandbox/Open World 
loyauty.enum.game.genre.shoot_em_up                     = Shoot ''em Up
loyauty.enum.game.genre.shooter                         = Shooter
loyauty.enum.game.genre.simulation                      = Simulation
loyauty.enum.game.genre.skateboard                      = Skateboard
loyauty.enum.game.genre.ski                             = Ski
loyauty.enum.game.genre.snowboard                       = Snowboard
loyauty.enum.game.genre.soccer                          = Soccer
loyauty.enum.game.genre.sports                          = Sports
loyauty.enum.game.genre.strategy                        = Strategy
loyauty.enum.game.genre.strategy_simulation             = Strategy simulation
loyauty.enum.game.genre.stunt                           = Stunt
loyauty.enum.game.genre.survival_horror                 = Survival/Horror
loyauty.enum.game.genre.tenis                           = Tennis
loyauty.enum.game.genre.third_person                    = 3rd Person
loyauty.enum.game.genre.three_dimension_fighter         = 3D Fighter
loyauty.enum.game.genre.tower_defence                   = Tower Defence
loyauty.enum.game.genre.turn_based                      = Turn-based
loyauty.enum.game.genre.two_dimension_fighter           = 2D Fighter
loyauty.enum.game.genre.virtual_life                    = Virtual Life
loyauty.enum.game.genre.wrestling                       = Wrestling
loyauty.enum.game.platform.amiga                        = Amiga
loyauty.enum.game.platform.amiga_cd32                   = Amiga CD32
loyauty.enum.game.platform.amstrad_schneider_cpc        = Amstrad/Schneider CPC
loyauty.enum.game.platform.apple_ii                     = Apple II
loyauty.enum.game.platform.arcade                       = Arcade
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_2600                   = Atari 2600
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_400_800                = Atari 400/800
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_5200                   = Atari 5200
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_7800                   = Atari 7800
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_jaguar                 = Atari Jaguar
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_lynx                   = Atari Lynx
loyauty.enum.game.platform.atari_st                     = Atari ST
loyauty.enum.game.platform.cdi                          = CD-i
loyauty.enum.game.platform.colecovision                 = Colecovision
loyauty.enum.game.platform.commodore_64_128             = Commodore 64/128
loyauty.enum.game.platform.commodore_vic_20             = Commodore VIC-20
loyauty.enum.game.platform.dreamcast                    = Dreamcast
loyauty.enum.game.platform.dsiware                      = DSiware
loyauty.enum.game.platform.famicom_disk_system          = Famicom Disk System
loyauty.enum.game.platform.game_boy                     = Game Boy
loyauty.enum.game.platform.game_boy_advance             = Game Boy Advance
loyauty.enum.game.platform.game_boy_color               = Game Boy Color
loyauty.enum.game.platform.gamecube                     = GameCube
loyauty.enum.game.platform.gizmondo                     = Gizmondo
loyauty.enum.game.platform.im_3do                       = 3DO
loyauty.enum.game.platform.intellivision                = Intellivision
loyauty.enum.game.platform.laseractive                  = LaserActive
loyauty.enum.game.platform.mac                          = Mac
loyauty.enum.game.platform.mobile_android               = Android
loyauty.enum.game.platform.mobile_ipad                  = iPad
loyauty.enum.game.platform.mobile_iphone                = iPhone/iPod
loyauty.enum.game.platform.mobile_other                 = Mobile Other
loyauty.enum.game.platform.mobile_pda                   = PDA
loyauty.enum.game.platform.n_gage                       = N-Gage
loyauty.enum.game.platform.neogeo                       = NEOGEO
loyauty.enum.game.platform.neogeo_cd                    = NEOGEO CD
loyauty.enum.game.platform.neogeo_pocket_color          = NEOGEO POCKET COLOR
loyauty.enum.game.platform.nintendo                     = NES
loyauty.enum.game.platform.nintendo_3ds                 = 3DS
loyauty.enum.game.platform.nintendo_64                  = N64
loyauty.enum.game.platform.nintendo_ds                  = DS
loyauty.enum.game.platform.nintendo_game_watch          = Nintendo Game-Watch
loyauty.enum.game.platform.nintendo_wii                 = Wii
loyauty.enum.game.platform.odyssey2                     = Odyssey2
loyauty.enum.game.platform.pc                           = PC
loyauty.enum.game.platform.pinball                      = Pinball
loyauty.enum.game.platform.playstation                  = Playstation
loyauty.enum.game.platform.playstation_2                = PS2
loyauty.enum.game.platform.playstation_3                = PS3
loyauty.enum.game.platform.playstation_network          = PSN
loyauty.enum.game.platform.saturn                       = Sega Saturn
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sega_32x                     = Sega 32x
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sega_cd                      = Sega Cd
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sega_game_gear               = Sega Game Gear
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sega_genesis                 = Sega Genesis
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sega_master_system           = Sega Master System
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sharp_x68000                 = Sharp X68000
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sinclair_zx_spectrum         = Sinclair ZX Spectrum
loyauty.enum.game.platform.sony_psp                     = PSP
loyauty.enum.game.platform.super_nintendo               = Super NES
loyauty.enum.game.platform.tapwave_zodiac               = Tapwave Zodiac
loyauty.enum.game.platform.ti_99                        = TI-99
loyauty.enum.game.platform.turbo_grafx_16               = TurboGrafx-16
loyauty.enum.game.platform.turbo_grafx_cd               = TurboGrafx-CD
loyauty.enum.game.platform.vectrex                      = Vectrex
loyauty.enum.game.platform.watara_supervision           = Watara SuperVision
loyauty.enum.game.platform.wiiware                      = Wiiware
loyauty.enum.game.platform.wonderswan                   = Wonderswan
loyauty.enum.game.platform.wonderswan_color             = Wonderswan Color
loyauty.enum.game.platform.xbox                         = Xbox
loyauty.enum.game.platform.xbox_360                     = Xbox 360
loyauty.enum.game.platform.xbox_live_arcade             = Xbox Live Arcade
loyauty.enum.language.arabic                            = Arabic
loyauty.enum.language.awadhi                            = Aawadhi
loyauty.enum.language.azerbaijani                       = Azerbaijani
loyauty.enum.language.bengali                           = Bengali
loyauty.enum.language.bhojpuri                          = Bhojpuri
loyauty.enum.language.burmese                           = Burmese
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_cantonese                 = Chinese Cantonese
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_gan                       = Chinese Gan
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_hakka                     = Chinese Hakka
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_jinyu                     = Chinese Jinyu
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_mandarin                  = Chinese Mandarin
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_min_nan                   = Chinese Min Nan
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_wu                        = Chinese Wu
loyauty.enum.language.chinese_xiang                     = Chinese Xiang
loyauty.enum.language.dutch                             = Dutch
loyauty.enum.language.english                           = English
loyauty.enum.language.french                            = French
loyauty.enum.language.german                            = German
loyauty.enum.language.gujarati                          = Gujarati
loyauty.enum.language.hausa                             = Hausa
loyauty.enum.language.hindi                             = Hindi
loyauty.enum.language.italian                           = Italian
loyauty.enum.language.japanese                          = Japanese
loyauty.enum.language.javanese                          = Javanese
loyauty.enum.language.kannada                           = Kannada
loyauty.enum.language.korean                            = Korean
loyauty.enum.language.maithili                          = Maithili
loyauty.enum.language.malayalam                         = Malayalam
loyauty.enum.language.marathi                           = Marathi
loyauty.enum.language.oriya                             = Oriya
loyauty.enum.language.panjabi                           = Panjabi
loyauty.enum.language.persian                           = Persian
loyauty.enum.language.polish                            = Polish 
loyauty.enum.language.portuguese                        = Portuguese
loyauty.enum.language.romanian                          = Romanian
loyauty.enum.language.russian                           = Russian 
loyauty.enum.language.serbo_croatian                    = Serbo croatian
loyauty.enum.language.sindhi                            = Sindhi
loyauty.enum.language.spanish                           = Spanish
loyauty.enum.language.tamil                             = Tamil
loyauty.enum.language.telugu                            = Telugu 
loyauty.enum.language.thai                              = Thai
loyauty.enum.language.turkish                           = Turkish
loyauty.enum.language.ukrainian                         = Ukrainian
loyauty.enum.language.urdu                              = Urdu 
loyauty.enum.moderationStatus.approved                  = Approved
loyauty.enum.moderationStatus.flagged                   = flagged
loyauty.enum.moderationStatus.pending                   = Pending
loyauty.enum.moderationStatus.refused                   = refused
loyauty.enum.month.april                                = April
loyauty.enum.month.august                               = August
loyauty.enum.month.december                             = December
loyauty.enum.month.february                             = February
loyauty.enum.month.january                              = January
loyauty.enum.month.july                                 = July
loyauty.enum.month.june                                 = June
loyauty.enum.month.march                                = March
loyauty.enum.month.may                                  = May
loyauty.enum.month.november                             = November
loyauty.enum.month.october                              = October
loyauty.enum.month.september                            = September
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.eight                            = 8
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.eighteen                         = 18
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.eleven                           = 11
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fifteen                          = 15
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.five                             = 5
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.forty                            = 40
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortyeigh                        = 48
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortyfive                        = 45
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortyfour                        = 44
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortyone                         = 41
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortyseven                       = 47
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortysix                         = 46
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortytree                        = 43
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fortytwo                         = 42
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.four                             = 4
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.fourteen                         = 14
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.more                             = More
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.moreThan                         = More than
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.nine                             = 9
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.nineteen                         = 19
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.none                             = None
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.seven                            = 7
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.seventeen                        = 17
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.six                              = 6
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.sixteen                          = 16
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.ten                              = 10
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirteen                         = 13
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirty                           = 30
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtyeigh                       = 38
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtyfive                       = 35
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtyfour                       = 34
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtynine                       = 39
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtyone                        = 31
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtyseven                      = 37
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtysix                        = 36
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtytree                       = 33
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.thirtytwo                        = 32
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.tree                             = 3
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twelve                           = 12
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twenty                           = 20
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentyeigh                       = 28
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentyfive                       = 25
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentyfour                       = 24
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentynine                       = 29
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentyone                        = 21
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentyseven                      = 27
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentysix                        = 26
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentytree                       = 23
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.twentytwo                        = 22
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.two                              = 2
loyauty.enum.multiInfo.unlimited                        = Unlimited
loyauty.enum.release_zone.europe                        = Europe
loyauty.enum.release_zone.japan                         = Japan
loyauty.enum.release_zone.north_america                 = North America
loyauty.enum.rssflagtype.already_submitted              = already Submitted
loyauty.enum.rssflagtype.game_name                      = Unknown Game Name
loyauty.enum.rssflagtype.link_type                      = Unknown Type
loyauty.enum.rssflagtype.not_processed                  = Not Procecced
loyauty.enum.rssflagtype.platform                       = Unknown Platform
loyauty.enum.rssflagtype.video_type                     = Unknown Video Category
loyauty.enum.season.q1                                  = Winter (Q1)
loyauty.enum.season.q2                                  = Spring (Q2)
loyauty.enum.season.q3                                  = Summer(Q3)
loyauty.enum.season.q4                                  = Fall (Q4)
loyauty.enum.sex.female                                 = Female
loyauty.enum.sex.male                                   = Male
loyauty.enum.textType.achievements                      = Achievements
loyauty.enum.textType.blogs                             = Blogs
loyauty.enum.textType.characters                        = Characters
loyauty.enum.textType.cheats                            = Cheats
loyauty.enum.textType.controls                          = Controls
loyauty.enum.textType.currentMonth                      = Current Month
loyauty.enum.textType.disc_media                        = Disc/Media
loyauty.enum.textType.engine_Technology                 = Engine Technology
loyauty.enum.textType.equipment                         = Weapons/Equipment
loyauty.enum.textType.facebook_fan_pages                = Related Facebook Pages
loyauty.enum.textType.forums                            = Forums
loyauty.enum.textType.game_Manual                       = Game Manual
loyauty.enum.textType.game_Modes                        = Game Modes
loyauty.enum.textType.game_manual                       = Game Manual
loyauty.enum.textType.general_news                      = General News
loyauty.enum.textType.guides                            = Guides
loyauty.enum.textType.key_features                      = Key Features
loyauty.enum.textType.lastMonth                         = Last Month
loyauty.enum.textType.logos                             = Logos
loyauty.enum.textType.magazine                          = Magazine
loyauty.enum.textType.multiplayer_modes                 = Multiplayer Modes
loyauty.enum.textType.official_website                  = Official Website
loyauty.enum.textType.party_reviews                     = 3rd Party Reviews
loyauty.enum.textType.press_release                     = Press Release
loyauty.enum.textType.previousMonth                     = Previous Month
loyauty.enum.textType.rank                              = Ranks
loyauty.enum.textType.rumor                             = Rumor
loyauty.enum.textType.sales                             = Sales
loyauty.enum.textType.screenshots_images                = Screenshots/Images
loyauty.enum.textType.single_player_modes               = Single Player Modes
loyauty.enum.textType.soundtrack_track_list             = Soundtrack/Music
loyauty.enum.textType.story                             = Story
loyauty.enum.textType.technical_issues                  = Technical Issues
loyauty.enum.textType.tips_tricks                       = Tips and Tricks
loyauty.enum.textType.twitter_pages                     = Twitter Pages
loyauty.enum.textType.units_sold                        = Units Sold
loyauty.enum.textType.unlockables                       = Unlockables
loyauty.enum.textType.user_reviews                      = User Reviews
loyauty.enum.textType.videos                            = Videos
loyauty.enum.textType.walkthroughs                      = Walkthroughs
loyauty.enum.textType.wallpapers                        = Wallpapers
loyauty.enum.textType.weapons                           = Weapons/Equipment
loyauty.enum.textType.website                           = Website
loyauty.enum.videocategory.features                     = Features
loyauty.enum.videocategory.gameplay                     = Gameplay
loyauty.enum.videocategory.guides                       = Guides
loyauty.enum.videocategory.interviews                   = Interviews
loyauty.enum.videocategory.other                        = Other
loyauty.enum.videocategory.reviews                      = Reviews
loyauty.enum.videocategory.trailer                      = Trailers
loyauty.error.common.coverNameExist                     = Cover name already exists
loyauty.game.text.long.addToGamesPlayed                 = Add to the list of games you''ve already played.
loyauty.game.text.long.addToWatchList                   = Add to your Watchlist and get automatic updates.
loyauty.game.text.long.editInfo                         = Edit the information for this game.
loyauty.game.text.long.saveGameToList                   = Save game to list
loyauty.game.text.short.addToGamesPlayed                = Add to Games Played
loyauty.game.text.short.addToWatchList                  = Add to Watchlist
loyauty.game.text.short.favoritesYearsGames             = Favorite {0}s games
loyauty.game.text.short.findSimilarGames                = Find Similar Games
loyauty.game.text.short.gamesPlayed                     = Games Played
loyauty.game.text.short.general                         = General
loyauty.game.text.short.language_specific               = Language Specific
loyauty.game.text.short.multiplayer                     = Multiplayer
loyauty.game.text.short.myTopShooters                   = My top {0} shooters
loyauty.game.text.short.region_EUR                      = PAL-EUR
loyauty.game.text.short.region_JP                       = NTSC-JP
loyauty.game.text.short.region_NA                       = NTSC-NA
loyauty.game.text.short.region_specific                 = Region Specific
loyauty.game.text.short.similarGames                    = Similar Games
loyauty.game.text.short.supscript_EUR                   = EUR
loyauty.game.text.short.supscript_JP                    = JP
loyauty.game.text.short.supscript_NA                    = NA
loyauty.game.title.gameInfo                             = Game Information
loyauty.lang.text.short.en                              = English
loyauty.lang.text.short.es                              = Spanish
loyauty.lang.text.short.fr                              = French
loyauty.news.text.short.addNews                         = Add News
loyauty.page.header.description.gamePage                = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.homePage                = Get news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.joinTeam                = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.searchResults           = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.showLink                = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.showLinkDetailsHeader   = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.showNew                 = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.showReview              = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.showReviewDetailsHeader = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.topJabbers              = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.description.topTeams                = Get {0} news, updates and information.
loyauty.page.header.keywords.gamePage                   = {0}, {1}, {2} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.homePage                   = {0}
loyauty.page.header.keywords.joinTeam                   = {0} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.searchResults              = {0} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.showLink                   = {0}, {1}, {2}
loyauty.page.header.keywords.showLinkDetailsHeader      = {0}, {1}, {2}
loyauty.page.header.keywords.showNew                    = {0}, {1}, {2} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.showReview                 = {0} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.showReviewDetailsHeader    = {0} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.topJabbers                 = {0} 
loyauty.page.header.keywords.topTeams                   = {0} 
loyauty.page.header.title.aboutloyauty                  = GameJab.com - About GameJab
loyauty.page.header.title.bugreport                     = GameJab.com - Bug Report
loyauty.page.header.title.contactloyauty                = GameJab.com - Contact Us
loyauty.page.header.title.devnews                       = GameJab.com - Dev News
loyauty.page.header.title.editUserProfile               = GameJab.com - Edit Jabber Profile
loyauty.page.header.title.gamePage                      = GameJab.com - {0} ({1}) - Game Information
loyauty.page.header.title.homePage                      = GameJab.com - Video Game Knowledge Base
loyauty.page.header.title.joinTeam                      = GameJab.com - Join a Team
loyauty.page.header.title.policyloyauty                 = GameJab.com - Privacy Policy
loyauty.page.header.title.rules                         = GameJab.com - Rules
loyauty.page.header.title.searchResults                 = GameJab.com - Search Results {0}
loyauty.page.header.title.showLink                      = GameJab.com - {0} ({1}) -  {2}
loyauty.page.header.title.showLinkDetailsHeader         = GameJab.com - {0} ({1}) - {2}
loyauty.page.header.title.showNew                       = GameJab.com - {0} ({1}) - {2}
loyauty.page.header.title.showReview                    = GameJab.com - {0} ({1}) - reviews - {2}
loyauty.page.header.title.showReviewDetailsHeader       = GameJab.com - {0} ({1}) - reviews - {2}
loyauty.page.header.title.topJabbers                    = GameJab.com - Rankings - Top Jabbers
loyauty.page.header.title.topTeams                      = GameJab.com - Rankings - Top Teams
loyauty.page.header.title.allPlatforms					= GameJab.com - List of All Video Game Platforms
loyauty.page.header.title.allGames						= GameJab.com - List of All {0} Video Games
loyauty.page.header.title.SearchTobJabber				= GameJab.com - Rankings - Top Jabbers
loyauty.page.header.title.statProfile					= GameJab.com - View Stats
loyauty.page.header.title.editProfile					= GameJab.com - Edit Jabber Profile
loyauty.page.header.title.suggestions					= GameJab.com - Suggestions
loyauty.page.header.title.bugreport						= GameJab.com - Bug Report
loyauty.page.header.title.gameFranchise               	= GameJab.com - Create/Edit Game Franchises
loyauty.reviews.text.short.3rdPartyReviews              = 3rd Party Reviews
loyauty.reviews.text.short.add3rdParty                  = Add a 3rd Party Review
loyauty.reviews.text.short.jabberReviews                = Jabber Reviews
loyauty.reviews.text.short.rateReviewGame               = Rate/Review the Game
loyauty.reviews.text.short.showReviews                  = Show Reviews
loyauty.search.text.long.filteredFromTotalEntries       = filtered from {0} total entries
loyauty.search.text.long.noMatchingRecordsFound         = No matching records found
loyauty.search.text.short.advanced                      = Advanced Search
loyauty.search.text.short.noMatchingRecordsFound        = No matching records found
loyauty.search.text.short.searchResultsPerPage          = Search Results per Page
loyauty.search.text.short.searchTags                    = Search Tags
loyauty.team.text.long.TeamsSeekingMembers              = Teams currently seeking members
loyauty.team.text.long.contentAddedSuccess              = Content has been added successfully
loyauty.team.text.long.maxpoints                        = Maximum points for this update:
loyauty.team.text.long.onlyTeamsCurrentLevel            = Only show teams that I can join with my current level
loyauty.team.text.long.onlyTeamsMyLanguages             = Only show teams that match one of my languages
loyauty.team.text.long.perfIndicatorPreviousMonth       = The performance indicator compares the team''s current position with the previous month''s final results.
loyauty.team.text.long.topTeams                         = Top Teams
loyauty.team.text.short.createTeam                      = Create a Team
loyauty.team.text.short.ofTeams                         = of {0} teams
loyauty.team.text.short.teamLanguage                    = Team Language
loyauty.team.text.short.teamLanguages                   = Team Language(s)
loyauty.team.text.short.teamName                        = Team Name
loyauty.user.text.long.alreadyCommentGame               = You have already added a comment for this game
loyauty.user.text.long.dont_have_permission             = You don''t have a permission for this action
loyauty.user.text.long.saved_profile                    = Your changes have been saved
loyauty.user.text.long.updatesWhenEmailVerif            = You may submit updates right away, but they will only be processed once you have completed the email verification.
loyauty.user.text.short.createJabberProfile             = Create a Jabber Profile
